{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live\'94 -Albus Dumbledore\
\
\'93Do or do not there is no try\'94 -Yoda\
\
\'93All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us\'94 -Gandalf\
\
\'93We all have both light and dark inside of us. What matters is the part we choose to act on\'94 -Sirius Black\
\
\'93We must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy\'94 -Dumbledore\
\
\'93Sometimes i\'92ll start a sentence and I don\'92t even know where it\'92s going I just hope i\'92ll find it along the way\'94 -Micheal Scott\
\
\'93I wish there was a way to know you\'92re in the good old days before you\'92ve actually left them\'94 -Andy Bernard\
\
\'93For some people small, beautiful events are what life is all about\'94 -The Doctor\
\
\'93You make sacrifices all the time. You put off things you want to do and you put off adventures. You put it off because the best adventure is being together.\'94 -Matthew Patrick\
\
\'93Falling down is how we grow. Staying down is how we die.\'94 -Brian Vaszily\
\
\'93Whenever I\'92m about to do something, I think, \'91Would an idiot do that?\'92 and if they would, I do not do that thing\'94 -Dwight Schrute\
\
\'93Life is not the amount of breaths you take, it\'92s the moments that take your breath away.\'94 -Hitch\
\'93The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem\'94 -Jack sparrow?\
}